### 9:00am Check-in		

### 9:30am Keynote

Bob Quillin

### 10:00am Cloud Native Past, Present, Future

Hear from community leaders, end users, and open source contributors as they
discuss the state of our cloud native ecosystem. They will delve into
milestones of our evolution, what's driving key technology choices today, and
how innovation is being defined for the future. These influencers will hash out
what's at stake and distill what really matters.

Kaslin Fields, Kris Nova, Christopher Woods, Ashley McNamara, John Harris

### 11:00am Autonomous workload management: Declarative Application Development

Today's application development still demands a lot of process, communication,
and skill required to make everything work in production. Applications and
services must be defined in detail and then associated with particular
clusters. Also, clusters and infrastructure need to be allocated in advance of
applications being deployed. What if developers only had to focus on writing
their applications? Come join us as we demo tooling to solve these problems
that leads the way to a fully *autonomous* modern application development
framework. Including continuous integration, delivery and operations of modern
applications and services - from commit to getting the job done.

Kire Filipovski

### 11:45am Lunch

### 12:45pm Serverless and Events Ecosystem

The CNCF Serverless Working Group is a subgroup of the Cloud Native Computing
Foundation created to explore the intersection of cloud native and serverless
technology. The group has since created a whitepaper laying out the definitions
of serverless computing and its use cases, a landscape doc with the ecosystem
of players, as well as its first major contribution back to the community with
CloudEvents, a vendor-neutral specification for defining the format of event
data.  In this talk, Chad Arimura, VP Serverless Advocacy at Oracle, will share
the latest updates from the working group, demonstrate CloudEvents through a
code demo, introduce the next areas of work being discussed by the group, and
ideally convince you, the audience, the get involved in the community-driven
efforts.

Chad Arimura

### 1:30pm Serverless Lab

### 2:00pm Kubernetes service delivery at scale without magic: a FaaS case study

Sift through the hype of Kubernetes to learn how to build a cloud scale
Functions-as-a-Service using the open source Fn Project. In this talk we'll
cover being able to identify the key requirements for your service, how to
translate those requirements into useful Kubernetes abstractions, understanding
the availability and blast radius for your service, when and when not to lean
into Kubernetes, and how to leverage Helm for deployments and rollbacks.

TJ Fontaine

### 2:45pm Kubernetes Lab

### 3:15pm Break

### 3:30pm Cloud Native Java: Not your grandfather's Cup of Joe

Java has evolved in the last year; a 6-month release cadence, and powerful new
features. In this talk we will give a birds-eye view of how Java has evolved
and present Helidon, a new framework to build microservices for a cloud native
world. Helidon includes powerful hooks for Prometheus and distributed tracing
libraries such as Zipkin. We will show how Helidon goes hand in hand with
Oracle's Cloud Native Platform, showcasing how to build, deploy and operate a
cloud native Java application using this powerful new framework.

Micha "mies" Hernandez van Leuffen, Laird Nelson

### 4:15pm Microservices Lab

### 4:45pm Closing 






