## Cloud Native Summit Keynote

Bob Quillin, vice president of developer relations, Oracle Cloud
Infrastructure, kicks off a day with some of the industry's top cloud native
minds for a concentrated dose of technical talks paired with hands-on learning
at the Oracle Cloud Native Summit, co-located at KubeCon.

[//]: # (module_video:https://youtu.be/dshiTDENWeE)

## Cloud Native Past, Present, Future

Hear from community leaders, end users, and open source contributors as they
discuss the state of the cloud native ecosystem, what's driving key technology
choices today, and how innovation is being defined for the future.

[//]: # (module_video:https://youtu.be/3wCd-K-4j-0)

## Converging infrastructure and container orchestration with Kubernetes

Kubernetes and its model for container orchestration has won the battle, but
when it comes to managing our infrastructure we still reach for old tools and
methodologies. Given Kubernetes' flexibility and extensibility, why aren't we
using it to orchestrate more?

[//]: # (module_video:https://youtu.be/bGZswmJMbzc)

## Serverless and Events Ecosystem

The Cloud Native Computing Foundation Serverless Working Group explores the
intersection of cloud native and serverless technology. In this talk Chad
Arimura, vice president of serverless advocacy at Oracle, shares the latest
updates from the group.

[//]: # (module_video:https://youtu.be/u8gAQDmauEo)

## Kubernetes service delivery at scale without magic: a FaaS case study

Sift through the hype of Kubernetes to learn how to build a cloud-scale
Functions as a Service using the open source Fn Project. This video was
recorded at the Oracle Cloud Native Summit at KubeCon + CloudNativeCon 2018
North America.

[//]: # (module_video:https://youtu.be/pmuiyk7vaIE)

## Cloud Native Java: Not your grandfather's Cup of Joe

This talk provides a bird's-eye view of how Java has evolved and presents
Helidon, a new framework to build microservices for a cloud native world. It
was recorded at the Oracle Cloud Native Summit at KubeCon + CloudNativeCon 2018
North America.

[//]: # (module_video:https://youtu.be/-lpBS4lSgWY)

## Oracle at KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Week In Review

[//]: # (module_video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WuK6KDFVcig)

## Oracle at KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Day 1 Recap

[//]: # (module_video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0SUT5t7DAT4)

## Oracle at KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Day 2 Recap

[//]: # (module_video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dLFsFoTq5us)

## Oracle at KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Day 3 Recap

[//]: # (module_video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9sRjenN4pE)

## Oracle at KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Day 4 Recap

[//]: # (module_video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKu-iCQ2D08)

## Oracle at KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Teaser

[//]: # (module_video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dj6aYLdvch8)

## Mono to Micro to FaaS A Macro Challenge

Panel discussion hosted by The New Stack at KubeCon + CloudNativeCon North
America 2018 with FaaS and serverless experts discussing their
down-in-the-trenches experiences with implementing FaaS on Kubernetes

[//]: # (module_video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPf8sCKNb4E)

## What Extending Kubernetes Means for Lifecycle Management

On this livestream from KubeCon + CloudNativeCon NA, we're discussing what
extending Kubernetes means for lifecycle management. What makes the Kubernetes
model work for managing the container lifecycle? Why this model is attractive?
Join us as we address these questions and more.

[//]: # (module_video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=675Mu2eJmJo)

## Is Serverless the new PaaS, and do we want that?

On this livestream from KubeCon + CloudNativeCon NA, we're answering the
question: Is serverless the new PaaS? What does that landscape look like for
developers today? What is the serverless paradigm versus the consumption model,
and how we can get more from serverless in the future.

[//]: # (module_video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qPFvXVOeZoI)

## The Cloud Native Meetup Community A-Z

[//]: # (module_video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j70XXe16ZN0)

## Running Serverless HPC Workloads on Top of Kubernetes and Jupyter Notebooks

[//]: # (module_video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uM_FolsebjM)

## Noobernetes 101: Top 10 Questions We Get From New K8s Users

[//]: # (module_video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7enbKBBDhA)

## Container Networking From Scratch

[//]: # (module_video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6v_BDHIgOY8)

## Running MySQL on Kubernetes

[//]: # (module_video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g924HDB81oc)

## Photo Gallery

[//]: # (module_photo_gallery:https://oracle.github.io/cloudnative/images/events/kubecon18-na/)
