# KubeCon + CloudNativeCon North America

Sign up for the Oracle Summit Dec 10th at registration

[Register](https://sched.co/ITVR)

## Date

December 10 2018 - December 13 2018

## Location

Seattle, Washington

## Thank You

Big thanks to the KubeCon community for the fantastic week!

Miss the activities? No problem, catch up by checking out our [announcement of
the Oracle Cloud Native
Framework](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloudnative/announcing-oracle-cloud-native-framework-at-kubecon-north-america-2018),
reading [The New Stack post on cloud native
challenges](https://thenewstack.io/3-cloud-native-challenges-to-address-now-culture-code-and-cloud/),
reliving our
[summit](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloudnative/cloud-native-past%2c-present%2c-and-future-from-the-oracle-cloud-native-summit-at-kubeconcloudnativecon),
[recap](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloudnative/kubecon-2018-cloud-native-recaps-and-highlights)
and [daily
videos](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLPIzp-E1msrZn36gtzlo2wV3tf4aDOEpD),
and checking out these awesome Kubernetes [user
stories](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloudnative/kubernetes-momentum-grows-on-oracle-cloud-with-new-user-stories).

We will be posting more photos, videos, session recordings, podcasts, and
interviews soon, so stay tuned.

## Watch the teaser

Get amped, and register!

[![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/Dj6aYLdvch8/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dj6aYLdvch8)

[//]: # (module_video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dj6aYLdvch8)

## Featured Speakers

[Check out our speakers](speakers.md)

## The Cloud Native Culture & Industry Summit

<h3 style="text-align: center;">Presented by Oracle</h3>

Join some of the industry's top cloud native minds for a concentrated dose of
technical talks paired with hands-on learning.

We'll host an innovator's panel, cover all things serverless, including the Fn
Project, how to extend Kubernetes to ease application development, how to
deploy secure, agile microservices on top of Kubernetes, and much more.

You won't want to miss the Cloud Native Past, Present, and Future panel as it's
chock full of your favorite practitioners, innovators, and maintainers
including Kris Nova, Ashley McNamara, John Harris, and more. They will delve
into milestones of our evolution, what's driving key technology choices today,
and how innovation is being defined for the future. These influencers will hash
out what's at stake and distill what really matters.

Hear from the creator of the Fn Project, the container-native serverless
platform, and former Co-Founder and CEO of Iron.IO, Chad Arimura, and from an
HPC Fn user, Christopher Woods who is pushing the boundaries of compute with
open source.

The former Co-Founder of OneOps, now Cloud Architect at Oracle leading design
and implementation of a distributed application management system, will share
his team's latest open sourced tooling for creating a fully autonomous modern
application development framework.

## How to register

Pre-registration is required, simply sign up or add to your [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon registration](https://www.regonline.com/KCNA2018?_ga=2.97918175.1934848703.1539979200-631312331.1508361175).
Event fee will be donated to Women Who Code.

#### Misc

[//]: # (bgImage:../../../images/event_banners/large_auditorium3_lg.jpg)
