# 2019-05-20

## 18:30pm - 18:35pm Lightning Talk: Hot, Fresh Containers - How Containers Are Like Cookies! 

Have you heard the container hype but don't really get what it's about? Have
you ever had trouble explaining containers to someone unfamiliar with the
technology? Analogies can help - and this one's delicious!  Come to this talk
to learn how container technology - a topic which has gone from 0 to
"Everybody's doing it" in the last 5 years - and delicious fresh-baked cookies,
aren't really so different. You'll walk away having gained a new way to frame
your discussions around container technology, whether you're explaining them to
someone who's hearing about it for the first time, or discussing them with
someone who uses them on a daily basis.
[https://sched.co/MPg2](https://sched.co/MPg2)

### Location

Hall 8.0 A1

### Speakers

Kaslin Fields

# 2019-05-21

## 07:30am - 08:45am The New Stack Pancake Breakfast

It's time for pancakes in Barcelona! Come have a short stack with The New Stack
for a Q&A with our expert panelists about the issues and options for managing
identity in service mesh environments. Cloud native security and how it affects
the pace of enterprise adoption will be the mainstay of our conversation for
this latest stop on the pancake breakfast circuit.
[https://sched.co/NxQl](https://sched.co/NxQl)

### Location

Hall 8.0 F1

# 2019-05-22

## 09:27am - 09:32am Keynote: Building a Bigger Cloud Native Tent: Addressing Cultural Change and Complexity Challenges

The Cloud Native ecosystem continues to expand dramatically but many
enterprises and traditional development teams are being left behind. The top
two issues facing our industry are cultural change for developers and
complexity -- thus we need to find ways to build a bigger cloud native tent
that is more inclusive of modern and traditional applications, cloud and
on-premises users. This keynote focuses on the challenges and opportunities to
create a more inclusive, sustainable cloud native community.
[https://sched.co/MRz1](https://sched.co/MRz1)

### Location

Hall 6

### Speakers

Bob Quillin


## 14:00pm - 14:35pm Democratizing HPC & AI: Startups Scale Up with Cloud Native 

Innovativeness, resourcefulness, and responsiveness are all part of the startup
DNA, and with the aid of the cloud native era and ecosystem, they are
unstoppable. Hear how these European startups are leveraging technologies such
as Kubernetes, containers, GPUs, Singularity and more to gain efficiencies
across architecture, time, and team to reach global scale, reshape user
interactions, and even, save lives. In this panel, startups from Barcelona and
the UK will discuss how cloud native technologies have helped unlock access to
unlimited potential across such diverse case studies as identifying and fixing
gender pay gap issues, creating computational models of virtual patients,
reinventing cloud-based video collaboration, and interpreting travel and
navigation based on time, all to transform their businesses to match behavioral
patterns within their industries.
[https://sched.co/MPY0](https://sched.co/MPed)

### Location

Hall 8.0 D1

### Speakers

Emily Tanaka-Delgado, Charlie Davies, Priya Shah, Dr. Zara Nanu, Alfonson Santiago

# 2019-05-23

## 11:05am - 11:40am Ouch! What I Learned From Being Hit by a Serverless, Ruby Boomerang! 

Have you ever done something that's come back and bitten you? I have
(frequently). Asking an open source project to put more effort into supporting
your favourite language (Ruby in my case) is asking to be hit by your own
boomerang - "that's a great idea, why don't you get started?" In this talk I'll
describe how I got hit by my own Ruby boomerang and wound up maintaining the
Ruby FDK for the Fn project (not my day job).
[https://sched.co/MPed](https://sched.co/MPed)

### Location

Hall 8.1 G2

### Speakers

Ewan Slater
