# Featured Speakers

## Priya Shah

![Priya Shah](images/priya-shah.jpg)

### Twitter

[@PriyaShah110](https://twitter.com/@PriyaShah110)

### Role

Co-Founder, Sauce

### Sessions

#### Wednesday May 22 | 14:00 - 14:35| Hall 8.0 D1

Democratizing HPC & AI: Startups Scale Up with Cloud Native

### Bio

Priya is the Co-founder and CMO of Sauce, the video creation platform that
enables businesses to collaborate and co-create with their global communities
of employees, customers and fans. Priya and her Co-founders developed Sauce
when they discovered the huge barriers that brands were facing when producing
video - the cost, time and admin required was not fit for today's video content
needs. So they launched their intelligent cloud platform that makes video
creation fast, easy and affordable - all powered bythe smartphone camera. Priya
leads the Sales & Marketing team - who's clients include Accenture and Oracle.

## Dr. Zara Nanu

![Dr. Zara Nanu](images/dr-zara-nanu.jpg)

### Twitter

[@ZaraNanu](https://twitter.com/@ZaraNanu)

### Role

CEO and Co-Founder, Gapsquare

### Sessions

#### Wednesday May 22 | 14:00 - 14:35| Hall 8.0 D1

[Democratizing HPC & AI: Startups Scale Up with Cloud Native](https://sched.co/MPed)

### Bio

Zara Nanu is CEO and co-founder of Gapsquare, a leading provider of pay
transparency; gender and ethnicity pay gap analysis. Zara is an expert on how
diversity and inclusion can shape more dynamic and productive teams and a more
engaging and empowering workplace. She is an entrepreneur who believes business
can generate social impact as well as revenues and profits. She is not a talker
-- she is a doer. Zara is a Business Insider 42 under 42, Top 100 most
influential women in the West, and SPARKies Founder of theYear. Zara holds a
PhD in Politics from the University of the West of England.

## Emily Tanaka-Delgado

![Emily Tanaka-Delgado](../../../images/speakers/emil-tanaka-delgado.jpg)

### Twitter

[@mle_tanaka](https://twitter.com/@mle_tanaka)

### Role

Director of DevRel, Oracle

### Sessions

#### Wednesday May 22 | 14:00 - 14:35| Hall 8.0 D1

Democratizing HPC & AI: Startups Scale Up with Cloud Native

### Bio

Emily Tanaka-Delgado leads cloud native DevRel Engagement at Oracle, where she
has trail blazed content and programs designed to enable, enrich, and
accelerate end users. She has a long tenure in the tech industry with a heavy
concentration in cloud and open source technologies. Before joining Oracle,
Emily ran marketing and DevRel at Joyent, with a special focus on the Node.js
stewardship, from acquisition to foundation. There, she worked with core
contributors and community leaders to grow theuser base, enable the ecosystem,
and improve developer engagement.

# Speakers

## Charlie Davies

![Charlie Davies](images/charlie-davies.jpg)

### Twitter

[@igeolise](https://twitter.com/@igeolise)

### Role

CTO and Co-Founder, iGeolise

### Sessions

#### Wednesday May 22 | 14:00 - 14:35| Hall 8.0 D1

Democratizing HPC & AI: Startups Scale Up with Cloud Native

### Bio

Charlie Davies is the co-founder and CTO of iGeolise, a location-based software
company based in London. Charlie began iGeolise when he noticed that all map
data was searched by distance (miles radius), but everyone around him discussed
travel using time (minutes). iGeolise developed an API that makes maps
searchable by time. iGeolise builds applications that add real value to local
data in order to enable successful local searches. The first application is
called Travel Time and it converts distance into journey time -- miles into
minutes.

## Alfonso Santiago

![Alfonso Santiago](images/alfonso-santiago.png)

### Twitter

[@alfstg](https://twitter.com/@alfstg)

### Role

R&D Engineer, ELEM Biotech

### Sessions

#### Wednesday May 22 | 14:00 - 14:35| Hall 8.0 D1

Democratizing HPC & AI: Startups Scale Up with Cloud Native

### Bio

Alfonso Santiago is an R&D Engineer at Elem biotech and a postdoctoral
researcher at the Barcelona Supercomputing Center (BSC). During his PhD at the
BSC, he developed the fluid-electro-mechanical model of the human heart that
worked as a primer for Elem biotech. Today, Elem biotech is building a
cloud-based computer simulation technology to aid pacemaker design.He holds a
Bioengineering degree and a PhD in Biomedical Engineering and has been recently
appointed as a member ASME Codes and Standards committee V&V40. Nowadays, his
main focus is to transfer the technology developed at the BSC to business
through Elem Biotech.

## Kaslin Fields

![Kaslin Fields](../../../images/speakers/kaslin-fields.jpg)

### Twitter

[@kaslinfields](https://twitter.com/@kaslinfields)

### Role

SOLUTIONS ARCHITECT, ORACLE

### Sessions

#### Monday, May 20 / 18:30 - 18:35 / Hall 8.0 A1

Lightning Talk: Hot, Fresh Containers - How Containers Are Like Cookies!

### Bio

Kaslin Fields is a Solutions Architect focusing on containers (particularly
Kubernetes) at Oracle Cloud Infrastructure. As a Solutions Architect, she
spends most of her time creating blog posts, demos, and other materials to help
guide Oracle's customers into the world of containerization. Kaslin has spoken
about the cloud and containers at the Kubernetes, Docker, CloudTalk, and
Cloud-Native and Kubernetes meetup groups in the Seattle area.

## Bob Quillin

![Bob Quillin](../../../images/speakers/bob-quillin.jpeg)

### Twitter

[@bobquillin](https://twitter.com/@bobquillin)

### Role

VP Developer Relations, Oracle

### Sessions

#### Wednesday, May 22 | 09:27 - 09:32 | Hall 6

Keynote: Building a Bigger Cloud Native Tent: Addressing Cultural Change and Complexity Challenges

### Bio

As Vice President of Developer Relations for Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI),
Bob Quillin leads the Cloud Native Labs team who are responsible for OCI cloud
native developer relations, advocacy, engagement, solutions, and lighthouse
adoption. Bob joined Oracle as part of the StackEngine acquisition by Oracle in
December 2015, where he was co-founder and CEO.  Based in Austin, TX,
StackEngine was an early container-native pioneer building services and
platforms designed to help developers and devops teams build, orchestrate, and
scale enterprise-grade container apps.

Prior to his role as co-founder and CEO of StackEngine, Bob was CEO of
Austin-based CopperEgg, a cloud monitoring SaaS startup acquired by Idera in
2013.  With previous executive and startup leadership roles at CopperEgg,
nLayers, EMC, and VMware, Bob has focused his career on applying automation to
simplify complex cloud, IT and developer challenges.

## Ewan Slater

![Ewan Slater](../../../images/speakers/ewan-slater.jpg)

### Twitter

[@ewanslater](https://twitter.com/@ewanslater)

### Role

Cloud Architect, Oracle

### Sessions

#### Thursday, May 23 | 11:05 - 11:40 | Hall 8.1 G2

Ouch! What I Learned From Being Hit by a Serverless, Ruby Boomerang!

### Bio

I started out as a research scientist and then drifted into IT. These days I'm
an architect in Oracle's EMEA Technology Cloud Team, have over twenty years
experience in the technology industry and a lot less hair. I joined Oracle when
they acquired Thor Technology in 2005. I intended to stay for six months and
I'm still here. I'm currently focused on helping Oracle's customers and
partners adopt a cloud native approach to development. I contribute to the Fn
project and I'm one of the organisers of the DevEast conference in the UK.
